update picotts installation for Buster (#11262)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/picotts.markdown

This requires to install the pico tts library on the system, typically on debian just do `sudo apt-get install libttspico-utils`
On some Raspbian release, this package is missing but you can just copy the arm deb package from debian.

> On Buster, the package are missing, install this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Debian Buster, the package is missing, use the following commands to install it:

```
